---
layout: post
title: "Profiles!"
date: 2025-02-25 10:15
category: Disco Tray
author: Joseph Washum
tags: [Disco Tray]
summary: Worked on fixing up the profile page, styling issues, and achievements formatting!
---
Well hello again everyone! Its been another week here at Disco Tray Studios and I have some work I would like to share with you all!

This week I worked on several different issues: Adding a logout warning, Moving the log out icon and functionality to the profile page, and adding the gained achievements to the profile page. Each of these issues took a bit of time but after finishing my work for the profile page and getting all of the functionality working, I realized that there was time left over for me to work on formatting and getting a more consistent theme going for the profile page. When I say this I don't just mean colors and fonts, I went all out! I decided that it felt weird that some of the cards on the profile page weren't as wide or weren't the exact same shape and so I decided to reformat the format page to keep that consistent feel across the entire app!

But in all things (by things I mean weeks) there tends to be an error. And this week's error was that the achievements page had an issue with its text being a bit to long and running out of the achievement box for several achievements. When this bug appeared? I could not tell you, but I can tell you that it is now fixed! In order to fix this bug I decided to make a consistent, longer shape for all of the achievement boxes to make sure that the text wouldn't run off anymore.

Now you might be asking yourself, well Joseph that sounds like a band-aid fix now doesn't it? "Like what if we need to add another achievement and the name is really super long" and yes, yes I believe that you, reader would be correct. Which is why I thought of that and implemented a newer better fix for the achievements! So to fix this I made the achievements box the same size I was working with before but this time reworked the build and made it to now always put the "Done!" part at the bottom, the Trophy at the top, and the text always centered. And not only is the text centered, it scales with character size, so longer achievement names won't overrun the box but rather will shrink so the player can still see the fill title of the achievement.

So, in all, I would say a bit of a successful week for me! It was a lot of fun to work more on formatting and style decisions than coding functions for a change. Everything on the app is looking quite smooth if I do say so myself, and not only that but also consistent in theme and its format! Thats about it that I have to update you all on, so until this time next week, I will look forward to talking with you all soon!