---
layout: post
title: "Dem's the Rules !"
date: 2025-03-11 8:30  
category: Disco Tray
author: Joseph Washum
tags: [Disco Tray]
summary: Worked on a new implementation of the firebase rules that covers admin and user cases well, also fixed up the map with new styles and color scheme!
---
Well hello again everyone ! When I left you all last week I was in quite a slump from the issues happening with the admin page and my various attempts to debug it. Well I have some very very happy news to share with you all ! When I met with my team this past week in our weekly Disco tray Studios meeting, we worked out a solution to what was causing the issues for the admin page. We came to find out that there was various issues in the way that we were initializing the buildsite() function in our app_state.dart file. So once we figured that out it wasn't long before I was able to fix up that error and get the admin page working in all of its glory.

Fast forward to yesterday and today, I spent a decent amount of my time this week working on getting a good set of database rules implemented into our firebase that would accurately cover all the admin and user cases possible. This took a bit of brain scratching and honestly writing parts down to finally figure out and compile a new set of rules for our firebase. I have to say that I am a little proud of this work as I have not had too much work in database admin type scenarios, so this was a bit of a fun challenge to figure out how to correctly implement! All that to say I spent the next hour of my time working a pretty decent amount on ensuring that every aspect of our app still worked correctly and held all of its functionality for admins and users, and I am happy to report that it does !

As part of the final piece of work that I did this week was implementing the theme, buttons, dialog, and color scheme to the map page that Dylan had been working on. We had a few issues with a basic implementation of a pop-up dialog for both when a user taps on a location and when a user actually visits the location. But now the map page follows the theme and color scheme of the rest of the app! Alongside this we now have buttons that match the theme and the dialog is in the same color and font as the rest of the app!

Well folks, aside from a few errors with the android sdk on bootup in my android emulator, this app is getting nicer and closer to being finished each week! I am looking forward to putting the finishing touches on the app in the next few weeks and I am very proud of the work I have been able to put in to make sure that this app works as intended and is exactly what the client wants. I look forward to updating you all with more news in the coming week, so stay tuned!