---
layout: post
title: "Update"
date: 2025-03-18 9:30  
category: Disco Tray
author: Joseph Washum
tags: [Disco Tray]
summary: Worked on a new implementation of the firebase rules that covers admin and user cases well, also fixed up the map with new styles and color scheme!
---
Well hello there everyone! Its about time for another weekly update, and honestly I don't have much to share with you all. Since Saturday I have been pretty sick and have just been trying to rest and get better ever since. Without going into too much detail It has just truly not been a good past few days for me, and I still don't feel good at all. But that being said I did work for a bit this week.

Colten has been working on changing the structure we currently have for our images in Firebase, and swapping it over from using the base64 image strings to just saving as a normal image in our firebase. However, this process is still not fully complete and most of my app currently is errors over the images being unable to be obtained. With not feeling too great already and the numerous errors I spent what time I could just working on debugging the errors and attempting to get the popup dialog working for the map page.

Unfortunately neither of these came to fruition, but I am hoping that soon everything will be working again on the firebase end and I can wrap up with the remaining issues and a new implementation of image storing ! So everyone, not a very exciting week but I appreciate everyone for reading as a part of this journey, heres to hoping next week we can wrap all of this up!