---
layout: post
title: "Bugs !!"
date: 2025-04-02 2:00
category: Disco Tray
author: Joseph Washum
tags: [Disco Tray]
summary: Worked on fixing various bugs across the app and got many of them accomplished!
---
Hello again everyone ! I am back from spring break and boy has it been a week, there is a lot going on around hendrix and things are beginning to ramp up! Its both exciting and terrifying to be nearing my final finals but in the meantime I am here to give you all an update to what I have been up to working with Disco Tray Studios!

This week I primarily wanted to cover bases on the many different issues with bugs and minor styling changes that we came up with the week before spring break for the app. So I worked on changing the layout of the admin page, and working on getting rid of the no-longer-needed map section on its bottom bar. Then I worked on getting the log in to work correctly for admins, which in all honestly took much longer than I previously thought it would. There were more bugs that I found when working on this issue specifically and luckily they got fixed, but just took more time than I was anticipating.

Next, I worked on getting the log in page to not scroll up for the user to prevent overlap between the two sections of the log in page (the header and the body asking you to log in). Once that was finished I worked on getting the front page to finally be a square and match the theme of what we see throughout the app, this was a long time request and something that I know had bugged Dr. Goadrich for a while so I was happy to finally get around to implementing it.

To wrap up I worked more on getting the map displays working again once with the new image storage that Colten built out. I got about halfway done I believe with working this out, but ran into a few errors that are hard to continue fixing back and forth without a proper site nearby. However I anticipate working on this issue after our weekly meeting tomorrow as I will be nearby the buhler hall site and it will make fixing the issues I am having all the easier.

Overall I think that this was a pretty successful week and I was glad to have gotten as much done as I did. Things ran pretty smoothly compared to some weeks previous and I truly think we are getting down to finishing up with the development of this app here soon. With all the bug fixes and the theme looking complete, all thats left is ensuring that everything works properly all the time and that we don't have any particularly nasty bugs that could pop up out of the blue.

Well everyone, this has been a super fun week and a pretty relaxed one when it comes to working primarily on bug fixes, so I am hopeful and looking forward with updating you all next week on what comes next! I hope you all are doing well and I look forward to talking with you again soon !